DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-support/technology-versions-and-roadmaps.md

# Technology Versions and Roadmaps

The Ed-Fi community is always evolving. Our standards and technology change over time. A couple of resources can help you track this change.

> 1. The [Ed-Fi Technical Suite Compatibility Matrix](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ETKB/Ed-Fi+Technical+Suite+Version+Matrix) provides information on the latest versions of Ed-Fi technology and tools. Ed-Fi technology is broadly arranged into "suites", which are similar to the concept of "generations" of the technology. Various generations tend to introduce structural changes or large new priorities. The Matrix critically also shows versions that are "out-of-support" - that does not mean that you won't run into these versions, but it does mean that the core technology effort of the Alliance no longer maintains the code that underlies these versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The [Ed-Fi Technology Suite Supported Versions](/reference/roadmap/supported-versions) provides information on the latest versions of Ed-Fi technology and tools. Ed-Fi technology is broadly arranged into "suites", which are similar to the concept of "generations" of the technology. Various generations tend to introduce structural changes or large new priorities. The document critically also shows versions that are "out-of-support" - that does not mean that you won't run into these versions, but it does mean that the core technology effort of the Alliance no longer maintains the code that underlies these versions.
```

Author: updated.

> 2. The [Ed-Fi Technology Roadmap](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/display/ETKB/Ed-Fi+Technology+Roadmap) provides a roadmap view of upcoming standards and technology releases. As with any roadmap, it is imperfect and subject to change, but the Alliance works with the community to stabilize it as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The [Ed-Fi Technology Roadmap](/reference/roadmap/) provides a roadmap view of upcoming standards and technology releases. As with any roadmap, it is imperfect and subject to change, but the Alliance works with the community to stabilize it as much as possible.
```

Author: updated.
